...the venue warps mid-step, the sunlit mansion ballroom bleeding into the elementary school gym I attended at 7, streamers strung between basketball hoops that twist into oak branches. The first group I pass is clustered around a folding table passing a mason jar of fireflies that glow like lit phone screens. Half the faces are half-remembered: old high school lab partners, a barista I visited once three years ago, their features slipping like watercolor when I try to place them. One holds out a glowing firefly to me, chiding, ōYou never texted her back that night you got lost at the amusement park. You owe her a rain check for cotton candy.ö I fumble to apologize but slip away before they can press the jar into my hands.

Further down a hall that turns into the boardwalk of the lake town we used to rent cabins in, a circle of people sit cross-legged folding origami cranes that burst into seagulls mid-flap, all wearing the frayed gray hoodie my best friendŚthe only person I came here to findŚwore on our last camping trip, the one she lost a year prior. One looks up, taps their forehead where a sticker of her favorite 90s cartoon is stuck, and says, ōShe left you a map, but the ink bleeds when it rains.ö Right on cue, the ceiling leaks orange soda, dissolving the crumpled note they hold out to me.

I weave past a pair of roommates-from-some-past-life bickering over who got to keep the last working star strung on their Christmas light garland, past a group of people all telling the same story in unison, their voices overlapping like waves, until I hear it: her specific snort-laugh, the one she tries to muffle when she laughs too hard, around the corner of a staircase that warps into the rickety steps of the rollercoaster we rode 10 times that day at the amusement park. When I reach the top, the party fades to just a flat rooftop, and sheÆs there, cross-legged on a folding chair, feeding blue popsicle drips to a stray cat thatÆs half golden retriever, the impossible kind of animal only dreams conjure. SheÆs wearing the hoodie I lost on that same camping trip, the one I grieved for months.

She pats the spot next to her, and the mason jar of fireflies floats up behind her, unspooling into the dark sky to join the stars. ōTook you long enough,ö she says, holding out the other half of her popsicle, the blue kind that stains your tongue for days. ōIÆve been saving you the good one. All those people kept trying to steal it.ö Later, when I wake up, the first thing I do is text her, because IÆd forgotten we hadnÆt had a chance to hang out in six months, and the dream had left an ache in my chest that only seeing her could fix.