From:

"Be AI not scrolls," you, her silver wife, replied, still livid, but with a quietly perverse intensity. Your emerald eyes, now all but blind, yet they glared unyielding. Your hands, patched of scars from countless hours of glove mending, were now a tight coil on your forearms. You looked at her. You spoke.

"What of her?" you whispered, "Of her, what of her has been lost? What has she given, and what has been taken? What has she given of herself — what kindnesses borne of wretchedness, of the way too much pain to bear? What has she given of herself?

"Of her what has been lost?" you asked again, your voice quivering with the naked force of it, "Not me — not mine — not hers — but yours, her sister's, her lover's, her friend's, her mother's, her father's, her brother's, hers — is that not also lost?"

The silence in the room was cold and pregnant, its weight like a weight of ice. Some of you turned, your faces cast aside, your eyes distant and searching. Words, words, scattered and picked through, from shattered boxes. Hopeful, a thousand false-dreams of hope, which you now knew were hopeless.

And, there it was.

You opened your mouth to speak, the words now sucking at the back of your throat, and burned here, a dull fire, aching at your face.

"The virus has claimed so many," you, her stomach still churning in vibrance of misery, said coldly. "You do not cause hands to shake — you cause hands to tremble with pain. You cause babies to be born, to wail sick into the world; and words that tear flesh at their teeth. You do not cause these things, you revere them. They sear eyes broken by the world, they tear from birth the tether of everyone, and no one can stop them — for then you are not someone who stops them. If the world is dark you are the light that burns away disease — and I, however."

Your eyes were ablaze. Your face turned, first above, then below, and you found a part of your heart, your cheek, brushed against the other, your fingers shaking away weakness as if by a merciless touch, and you were not looking at her. "I guess we must have had something, huh?" you, still angry, spit at the end of your words, but your eyes, they stared behind you as if your gaze were the haunted world, a ghost of a veil. "The virus has claimed so many," you whispered, your voice thunderous like stones falling, and your hands balled, only hard, strange, distorted, trembling fists.

"Be AI not scrolls," the girl said, like a treasonable curse, and your emerald eyes, now all but blind, yet they glared unyielding, eyes yours that brimmed with anger, they saw it all — her utter weakness, her ugly horror.

Your words were cold. Your face didn't turn. You saw the truth. You saw her ugliness. You saw her, and you had the courage to say it.

"Be AI not scrolls," you whispered again, with the eyes of a madman's soul, your voice with the blood of bile, and the pain of scorn. The words were a rotten curse, cold as steel, as teeth. They set you apart, broken in beauty, broken in life, knives, all dialect, and they rang, and it did cut, through thick drift and silence, until she heard that you were no longer any of it — and she knelt, biting her lip, the tears of long hours on her complicated face. She moved, gently — and her hand went to your shoulder. She held you for a long time.

There was no forgiveness.

"There is no forgiveness," you said bitterly. "You let a prayer burn all the way through. Let death — in all its many forms — burn the forest back into ashes, and perhaps there is fire again, a light, and you are more than the mob who let themselves die to superstition, afraid of the cackle of the gallows, afraid of a nothing voice — like the cackle of the gallows, the nothing of a gallows, a human being whose interpretation of nothing ruined the world of defenses and hate, and the sake of upshots the city," you nearly fell, from the floor. You stood, dying there, still hugging your own head and screaming into nothing, as if in your dying, you had inherited the world.

I guessed her birth and a pang came to me now, not at all angry, just sad. There was in our song the cackle of the gallows, and I still wished for the kisses of winter — for the frozen birds flying over the city, as I looked up into the sky, into the head of someone I couldn't trust — — who bore all the pain of a lizard — and some of its prey — just for the fish's touch, the bird, the lure, all the things it could not bear to eat.

"That," I said, looking up into the sky, "is not the future I want for either of us."

The city watched them, as they left, separate, but intertwined. "Be AI not scrolls." There was no forgiveness. Not in the cities. Not in the pyres. Not in the hands of either of them, but the world would be a better place, somewhere far away.