...reach into the space between us and grab the words right out of the air. 

Literally. 

My hand closes around the thick, heavy space of the argument, and the words solidify into smooth, heavy river stones. They pulse in my palms with a fiery orange heat. My friend stops mid-sentence, their mouth still open in silent, slow-motion surprise. The room around us suddenly goes completely quiet, save for the hum of the glowing stones in my hands.

I decide not to throw them. Instead, I kneel down and place the handful of hot, angry words onto the carpet between us. They clink like heavy glass marbles.

My friend looks at the floor, then looks back up at me. Understanding unspoken dream-logic, they reach into their own chest—effortlessly, painlessly—and pull out a long, tangled spool of silver thread. It represents the anxious weight of whatever we were fighting about. They kneel down across from me and place it next to the glowing stones.

Suddenly, the walls of the living room fold outward like a cardboard box. We aren't in a house anymore; we are sitting on a raft made of giant lotus leaves, floating down a river of dark ink under a sprawling, violet sky. 

The anger is completely gone, replaced by a deep, collaborative focus. Without speaking, we start working together. We use the silver thread of their anxiety to tightly bind the hot orange stones of my frustration. We are building something. As we weave them together, the stones cool down, turning into little glass lanterns. 

We hang the lanterns on the edge of our raft. They illuminate the dark water, showing us that beneath the surface, thousands of giant, glowing koi fish are swimming in the exact same direction we are drifting. 

I look at my friend to ask if we are finally okay, but when I look at them, they smile, and their face briefly flickers into the faces of everyone I have ever loved. I feel a sudden, overwhelming sense of peace, a profound lifting of weight from my chest, just as the sound of a distant, ringing alarm clock bleeds into the sky, and the violet clouds begin to dissolve into the morning light.